add a missing changelog line (#367)
MicroEJ/docs: PlatformDeveloperGuide/architectureChangelog.rst

[7.9.0] - 2018-09-20
--------------------

Core Engine
~~~~~~~~~~~

> -  Fixed allocation of the exact free memory in immortals heap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Fixed ``OutOfMemoryError`` thrown when allocating an object of the size of free memory in immortals heap
```
